
This sub-section of the larger aircraft design toolbox is intended to enable
 rapid mass property analysis for existing aircraft modeled in OpenVSP.

It consists of TWO parts:
1. A component mass model
2. A cg analysis tool

It does not curently interact with the rest of the code, although you will 
need a few weight values from the mission analysis code to get started, and 
your aircraft design.

Section 1: Component Mass Model

The component mass model is based off of the one in Raymer Ch15.3.1-15.3.3
It's a statistical weight model based off of various configuration parameters
such as geometry, mass, load factor, aircraft type etc. The model in the code
is simplified from the Raymer models so it requires less inputs, but only computes
weights of major components (wing,fuselage, landing gear etc.). It simplifies the rest
into a category called "all other subsystems". 

a. To use this tool you first need to make a weight sheet. Templates currently
exist in component_mass/weightSheet_XXXX.xlsx. This is actually the same analysis
tool that we used for this entire process in past versions of the class. The first
page is all you need for this version of the code, but you can use the second 
page for verification/debugging (this may be removed in future versions).
Fill out the inputs on the first page, and save the file.
Note that you have three categories to select from in this file:
"fighter", "Bomber/Large Jet Transport", "General Aviation/Prop Transport".
If your aircraft doesn't fit in these categories well, or is a very 
unconventional design (i.e flying wing) this code probably will not be useful.

b. After making this input spreadsheet, you can run:
 myWeights = componentWeightModel(spreadsheet_filename);
myWeights is a structure that contains fields named for the components, and 
numeric values for the weights (in lbs!!). It also prints the comp. weights,
the new empty weight estimate, and the new W0 based on the new computed empty
weight, and the same fuel and payload weights.

c. (IN VSP) NOW IT IS IMPERATIVE TO MAKE A COPY OF YOUR VSP3 FILE FOR YOUR AIRCRAFT
The next portions of the code read from and create a new vsp3 file. If reading
from the file somehow corrupts your vsp3 file, it would be nice to have a copy!!!

D. (IN VSP)Set interior components priority above the volume that incloses them.
ALSO ensure you have no parts named identically! Other than that, naming convention
in VSP should not matter.

E. (IN VSP)Run Mass Prop Tool w/ sufficient number of slices. Densities
for individual components don't matter, as these will be updated.

F. Now you can call updateVSPWeights(mass_props_filename, vsp3_filename, myWeights);
this function will have you fill out a matrix that assigns parts from the comp
mass model to your parts named in you VSP file:
each column is a comp mass part.
each row is a vsp part.
Of course, the sum of every column should add to one. The code will mention 
in the text command window if you leave weights unassigned!

G. Hit the button to create a new file. It will be named "<oldfilename>_updated.vsp3"

H. Open the new file in VSP and run mass prop. The weight should match that
computed by the component mass model. You need to run it with an adequate
number of slices (the same # used when you first created the mass props file).

A few things to note:
the code assigns a uniform density to parts. It cannot be used with the 
'thin shell' mass prop tool in openvsp, as the only tool that outputs area
(compgeom) doesn't match whatever massprops uses for internal calculations

Section 2.
With your new VSP file, you can now use the CG analysis GUI. It enables you
to dynamically select sets of components, adjust what % of their weight
you want to use for calculations, and see how CG changes with these different
sets. For example, you could select all relevant components, and then make
sets with full fuel, empty fuel, no payload +full fuel etc etc.It saves the
sets in a file of your choosing (see the main_CG_analysis.m file for info).
Be sure to select the correct path to the relevant MassProps file! If there
are multiple files with the same name in matlab but different paths, and both
are on the Matlab path, it will be unclear which one matlab chooses! Once you 
create your sets, the tool plots how the CG travels between sets!

a. Now that you have completed section 2 and have a new VSP file with updated
densities, rerun the Mass Prop tool. Again, make sure your mass priority is set
correctly, and double check that the mass outputs make sense.

b. Next, run the stability analysis in VSP through VSPaero. ADD RECOMMENDATIONS
FOR STABILITY PARAMETERS. Open the .stab file, and find the aircraft neutral point
(X_np).

c. The last inputs are c_MAC and static margin bounds. The mean aerodynamic chord (c_MAC)
is defined as part of the VSP wing geometry. The static margin bounds are defined here
by the user. CHECK RAYMER FOR STATIC MARGIN RECOMMENDATIONS.

d. Now, run the MATLAB CG analysis script. A component weight buildup GUI will open.
This allows the user to define different sets of components, of which the CG and static
margin will be calculated. Its generally important to consider various weight cases.
Some combinations of empty/50%/full fuel, empty/full cargo, zero/full passengers, stowed/extended
landing gear are a good place to start, but the specifics will depend on the aircraft.
Sets defined in GUI are saved to a file, defined as setsFile in the script. Be sure to change
the name of this file if you change planes and want to save previously defined sets.
Note that sets will only be loaded if component names are exactly the same as the saved
case. Changing any component names or adding or removing components will cause you to
have to redefine your sets.

e. Once you confirm your defined sets, the CG and static margin plot will be
generated. CG is shown on the x axis, with blue points for aircraft weight and
red for static margin. To meet requirements, points must be within the required
CG limits (the dotted blue lines). The red points must be within the sts




